Hey guys
today we were approved six
How was my pc giving?
crysis 2
no video card
in the pc
I ran three
if they have memory
the great loss
and does not have click here
of the show that for you
it's nothing to
Guild
outside
My timing is also not full hd
after the incident were not revealed
I'll put it here
for you
Click the game here on an icon
As you can see
this two
appeared a message said
diego
but I do not know
then asked why but is already installed you click ok
in April the first part
sunday game day
wait a little bit
7 people
As you can see
has begun
here are the options
if you want to see if I can get death certificate hb
for being voted the maximum resolution
I did that and eat a lot nowadays
his maximum resolution
It's you as you can see.
I was playing
this Saturday he will see you
in game is playing out of normal
114 min
I do not have a video card.
my computer
only 1 4 3
three earned points
of heron
You can see where I was walking perfectly.
show me my computer again
these citizens live in peace
does not contain error
Venezuela says
I was walking perfectly
W
the people
who she wants
and who is what we want
leave it there
Besides these
these points
the teacher
yesterday afternoon
still
I got sad
check out
This one
recent
this test
months
he
the calls
O
I guess so
the lot
chic
the sport
I was that age, I already started.
and for those who are a fan of intel
for who like
- I'm perfectly level
running normal
and I stand here
thank you guys
coli 3
cool
crises 2
teacher